Outline the bugfix backport process (#1092)
pulp/pulp_file: README.rst

For more information, please see the `documentation <https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulp_file/>`_
or the `Pulp project page <https://pulpproject.org>`_.

Development moved to Pulpcore
-----------------------------

Since this plugin has been moved to pulpcore, issues can no longer be reported here. Please go to
`Pulpcore - Issues<https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore/issues>`_ instead.

> Any issues that asrise should also be solved there first and if needed backported to here. We do

Reviewer: s/asrise/arise

Reviewer: s/backported to here/backported here

Reviewer: I would drop last 3 sentences

> Any issues that arise should also be solved there first and if needed backported to here. We do
> neither expect this to happen soon, nor often. So we will work out the details when / if that
> happens. Please excuse if this takes more time than estimated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any issues that arise should also be solved there first and if needed backported to here. We expect this to happen only infrequently, if ever. We will therefore  work out the details when / if it
happens. Please excuse us if this takes more time than desired.
```

Reviewer 2: Dropping it sounds good, for exactly @ipanova 's reasoning
